snowberry: Hello, my name is [nameOne], 

triangular-sandwich-bits: my name is [nameTwo],

ishana: and my name is [nameThree]. And we are presenting Fur-Ever Friends, a web app designed to connect shelter animals with people who love them. 

snowberry: With over 5000 independent animal shelters across the United States, getting information about available animals out to potential guardians is difficult. Often, a potential guardian will have to visit a shelter’s website to get information, and these aren’t always updated quickly, resulting in outdated information that disheartens people looking to adopt a pet. 

triangular-sandwich-bits: Fur-Ever Friends is a web app that consolidates information about available pets from registered animal shelters and provides it in a clean, easy-to-read way. After logging in, or signing up as an individual or family unit, a user can select which type of animal they are looking for from a list, and an application containing all available animals of that species in the location of the user will pop up. 

ishana: In the future, Fur-Ever Friends could also restrict available animals to certain qualities, like size, health requirements, and friendliness with children and other animals. This would make searching for the ideal pet easier and faster. 

snowberry: The user can navigate through different pets ausing the arrows on the sides of each profile. When they have found a pet they may be interested in providing a home for, they can click the “interested” button at the bottom of the pet’s profile, and the shelter will be notified that the user is interested in the pet. The shelter can then reach out to the user outside of the app to continue the conversation. A complete messaging component of the app could be included in the future to speed up communication between users and shelters. 

triangular-sandwich-bits: On the side of the shelter, there are a few options to choose from. A shelter can add pets, remove pets, and look at notifications from users, making it easy and quick to update information about available pets. 

ishana: Fur-Ever Friends aims to alleviate the stress animal shelters have to rehabilitate and rehome pets while giving potential pet guardians an opportunity to easily access up-to-date information about available pets near them. With help from this app, more shelter animals can find happy homes and live long, fulfilling lives with loving guardians.
